Going over 65 miles an hour makes my skin crawl so I take the detour that passes my old apartment. I get lost in my dissociations and placebo on shiitake mushrooms. I hate motor vehicles, but they are a hot commodity. That's my pitch whenever people ask me how I get around town. I feel the need to explain why I bike rather than spit the honest truth about the lack of commas in my bank account. If I can fake it till I make it, is it even worth making it? All these thoughts on my bike ride to work. Eight miles to and eight miles from.
 Walking in I leave tire marks on the tile my boss religiously makes me clean, like Sunday service and Wednesday mass. I’ve perfected the art of cleaning up my mistakes. I wish they would celebrate me for this like how they celebrated Van Gogh for cutting off his ear. He was mentally unwell and was praised, but all I get is weird glances and bills that resulted in no tips. Today was mid-July. I don’t believe in keeping the time because that messes with my internal clock and no one is correct but me in my world. I only messed up once at work today, I gave the man sweet tea when he asked for water. He looked like he could use a little sweetness. His mouth had forgotten the shape of a smile; he lacked creases around his lips that represent years of joy. 
After a grueling five-hour shift and sixteen miles of pedaling through cracked streets and busted sidewalks, I made it to my roommate's house. It’s their home, not mine. I don't feel welcome anymore. All my art took itself down from the living room and patched the holes that the screws left behind. They were not being appreciated and they know their worth. Now they lay dormant, hibernating in the corner of my room. They won’t let me put them up because they represent what I was and not who I am. 
        
My room is now separated into four quadrants. Q1 is my disgraceful workspace cluttered with half-drunk lattes and unfinished portraits of my life in a college-ruled notebook. Q2 is my clean laundry shaped into a body pillow on the left side of my bed. I have to sleep on the right but I can’t sleep alone. So when it’s dark and I talk myself to sleep the figure of clothes brings a conflicting comfort. It’s the definition of loneliness but at least I stay lonely with myself. Q3 is where I keep my important documents hidden in the cabinet that's deeper than Hermione's bag.  Years of W-2’s from jobs I couldn’t keep and old pictures of people I refuse to let go. I’ve only opened it once when I shoved everything in it when I moved In. That's the only corner I would let burn in a house fire. Q4 is a step into fashion week. My lamps are set up around my room to emulate the flashing cameras of paparazzi trying to get the best angle of the hot new style of a young writer. They just got invited to the runway after a breakout series that rattled the world. The holes in the armpit of my shirt were a statement piece. Not just poverty. It’s always fun to pretend. Is this pretending or manifesting?


My only tolerable roommate is my son. He sleeps all day and catches cockroaches at night. I think it’s him trying to make up for not paying any bills. What he doesn’t pay for he makes up with quality time and great conversation. 


“Long day at work huh,” Trey the cat says. 


“You have no Idea! I passed by eight birds and three clouds that looked like they never wanted to see me again.”


“You know it’s unhealthy to speak to water vapor, they always are so steamy.”
I love my talking feline. (He hates being called a cat. He says he remembers the days when humans worshiped cats in Egypt, back during his first life. He says he is on his last life but I think he’s been on his last life for like the three lives. I can’t tell what he is hiding.


“Yo, today we got to drop off a zip at Raul’s before we can go to Zumba class.” Alexander huffs as he throws himself over the pile of clothes and onto the right side of his bed. 


“Trey, can you weigh it and bag it up, please? Remember last time Raul gave us a tip so throw in a handful more.” 
Trey never wastes a movement in anything he does. He adjusts the chair and adds the booster so he can reach the paraphernalia properly. He isn't fully comfortable handling cat nip because it takes him back to when frats were cool and he was barely making it by at  Grand City U. So he is particular when he does these things. In a single motion, he flings his claws out and hits the play button connected to the armchair. Closserrrrr *hufff huff* Commee closserrrrr  (closer by Ne-Yo is his dealing song). After the armchair makes two rotations he has ditched the naked look of just his shiny fur coat and is rocking the perfect triadic color mix in his tie. Red as the base with yellow and blue paint splotches and a top hat with holes poked out for his ears that sit like isosceles triangles. He weighs it, bags it, seals it, and writes a haiku poem all before I finish the latest article by AAC (Animals Against Crime). Trey gives the sign. Two clicks of his tongue and a meow with emphasis on the E. This just is our lingo. Two clicks with a mEEow just means we are good to go. I grab my board and Trey laces up his rollerblades and I send Martin the falcon to let Raul know we're in route. 
Usually, when we leave the house I go through the same routine: I count every crack in the cement on our porch and say goodbye to the rose bush because romantic flowers should have someone romanticizing them. It just makes sense and soothes one of the many “disorders” in my head. My attention was just locked on that article. AAC sounds like they are a great organization but I know they are a front. I’ve seen 3 cats cut in half just this week on my cycles to work. I always stop and dig a proper grave and perform a funeral. I always cry at the eulogy. This does explain my excessive tardiness this week. At every site, I always decorate the tomb just to brighten a terrible tragedy. Every tomb is topped with wildflowers and pigeon feathers. I always find an abundance of pigeon feathers around the “crime scene”. All this gruesome crime and not one mention of it in the AAC article.


*     


        I leave Xan’s room in the smaller door directly to the right of his door. Xan made me a special door because we kinda share a room. I am such a good friend for letting him use my sleeping space. After three heel taps on the middle wheel of my roller blades, they shift to hover blades. I only do this inside the house so I don't mess up the checkered pattern in the carpet left by Xan with the vacuum. He is a weird fella. In my whole existence, I’ve never met a human that thinks so much like a feline. I toss him the package and he catches it with pure instincts. He disassociates when he is experiencing internal monologue. I usually let him think because most of the time his thoughts are correct. Once on the concrete, I tap back to wheels and Xan hops on his board. Raul lives not too far if we cut through the park. It’s about 4 pm now so the squirrels shouldn't be too obnoxious. It was a casual ride past the oak trees, over the bridge (the troll was off duty) around the pond when I started to really catch speed. My whole body emulates the wind. I shift my fur and tail until I’m an aerodynamic black bolt. I feel like I’m traveling at light speed. Fifty feet true north a white and brown blob laid in the middle of the sidewalk obstructing the path. I turn my blades sideways and the cement ate my wheel's bottoms flat. The brown and white blob was Daisy. Well, the lower half of Daisy the cat. She lived under the bridge with the troll and they had a weird dynamic. I know she has three more lives but she has only been in this one for five years. 


“TREYYY pigeons from above,” yells Xan.


I can’t move. Usually, death didn't affect me but since I’ve been living with Alexander he has been teaching me Buddhist ideals. I still have a long way to go to achieve enlightenment, but I’ll only do it if Xan does it with me though. I can sense the group of pigeons nose-diving at me. Am I their next target? Was it the pigeons who had been slaughtering the cats in the neighborhood?


“Trey side B, down B, back dash till we meet,” Alexander commands and my body goes into react mode. Just like SSB, I side-dash through a hoard of pigeons swooping down to trample me. I switched my rollerblade wheels to hover blades and burned the pigeons going for an aerial attack. I flip and prance until I cool down in Xan’s shadow. (Usually, I would take on the whole flock but Xan was already in pursuit with his board cocked back as a mace ). 
In two steps Xan’s trucks of his skateboard made contact with the rabid pigeons. No blood was shed, only divots in the pigeons left over from impact. The injured ones fly away and the rest of the hoard set targets on Xan. He has only a second to breathe before he mounts into the Valkyrie position. His ankles are on a swive, he jumps into a double axel on cement!! Holding the tail tires of his board, the nose sends gray blurs fifty feet away. He lands with his feet in dance position A, with his feet parallel to each other and each heel pointing the opposite directions east and west. The Pigeons that were hit continue to fly away. They all wait hovering in the air across the pond above the treeline.
 I know these animals are not acting naturally. Pigeons never wait in the sky and hover. They take up every park bench and don’t say a word to ya! Especially on a sunny day like this one. 
After the third wave of pigeons all of the winged army stare from across the pond. Xan’s board has dents and wood chipped at the nose. He’s surrounded by shrapnel and pigeon feathers. It looks like the aftermath of war. 


“They are assessing the damage and recalibrating before they perform a second attack,” a voice, raspy like sandpaper on wood, says from the boxwood bushes. 
It was a three-foot-tall orange tabby with whiskers that curled at the ends. A utility belt was straining to hold up a pair of denim starched jeans around a white belly that seemed larger than conceivably possible. In his back pocket is a disk perfect for a can of Fancy Feast. He carries a pack of American spirits in his left paw. 
*   


        “Why do the pigeons not act like pigeons or take any actual damage from lethal blows? I’m tripping out man.”


Today was supposed to be a regularly scheduled day. The 15th is basically the second first of the month. It was delivery day we had more stops to hit after Raul. 


“Your questions can wait. They have reset by now and we have to run to safety.” says the tabby cat as he steps out of the boxwoods and starts running towards the bridge over the bayou. Such a large cat with such nimble quick movements.  I tighten the bolts on my wheel with my hands and teeth. The dents in the board I have to just deal with. I follow close behind, riding my board down the sidewalk. Trey has taken refuge on my shoulder and assumed defense position three to prepare for an attack. The pigeons turn the flock towards us and start their pursuit. I take my eyes off that tabby for one second, and in the next, he is already blocks ahead of us. I do everything in my power to close that gap and now I can see the pack of American spirits hanging out of his shirt pocket. He is yelling in a language I have never heard before. It sounded like it came from the language of felina, but still was unrecognizable. Trey yells back repeating the phrase the tabby was hollering. 


“Isshhhhhh meelll maaaa maaaoooo mooo akkaaa.” 


I knew he could speak Spanish but, I could not tell you what this language is. I think I’ve only heard him talk like this over video call during the holidays. I never questioned it because he never questions things I do. It’s a mutual respect. 


“Okay Xan, we need to follow the The Tabby to the sewer grate at the bayou bed.” 


“We still have to see Raul, mannnn. I know he is not gonna think this is chill.”


At this moment I have no decision but to follow orders, the pigeons were closing the gap fast and the tabby was headed for the bayou. After rounding the corner on a downhill slope I finally see the grate they were spouting on about. The concrete slope is cracked and littered with gravel. I have to avoid all the obstacles laid out by my fellow pedestrians. The sewer grate is a four-foot cylinder that protrudes from the bayous mud shoreline. The Tabby who remains nameless and Trey work on lifting the thirty-pound metal grate. Trey has become such a house cat recently! He gets his paws manicured. Of course, I go with him tho. He doesn’t feed himself anymore, he waits until I cook my meals and then he grabs a plate and sits at the head of the table. But, I’ve seen pictures of when he was in cat boxing fights, he was once the undisputed welterweight champion. Since then I think domestication has made him gain a couple of weight classes.


“The pigeons are gaining on us and my board can’t withstand beating any more metalheads!” 


“Don’t fret, sissy boy,” those words pour out of the tabby’s mouth like molasses.


“I never come into battle without a plan.”


He pulls out his pack of dark green American spirits, lights one and takes a deep inhale. He shakes the pack empty and a small metal object the size of a Lithium 10 battery pops out. He pulls the pin that sits on the top of the metal object and throws it to me. During its flight to me it pops out into a six-foot-long titanium pole. The titanium rod was a cool two-and-a-half inches in diameter and felt like it reacted to the electrons in my hands.


“Throw me your board and buy us some time,” the Tabby instructs.


I oblige and swap out my board for the metal pole. I was always a fan of Donatello growing up, so I had practiced scenarios of intense combat with a staff alone in my room before. I had no other choice than to believe the imaginary enemies I faced when I was twelve would be exactly like fighting the pigeons.  The pigeons learned from the last attack and split into three groups; one directly ahead of me and the other two flanking me on the sides. 


“Whoever programmed these must have an intensive background in machine learning. Can you guys please hurry up with that grate!”


“Isshhhhhh meelll maaaa maaaoooo mooo akkaaa.” the cats hummed back in unison.


Why are they performing a ritual and not focusing on the full militia of metal war machines with wings spiraling at me? I recall all the advice Musashi laid out in five rings and start to enter my warrior state. The titanium staff becomes an extension of my being. The pigeons began their syncopated attack. I shut my eyes and begin to focus on breathing. With every exhale my senses sharpen and the world falls silent. Behind my eyelids, I see droplets of water hitting a still oasis in the middle of a desert. I can’t connect why, but it feels familiar. When the water droplets hit the water and the ripples on the oasis went still I opened my eyes and began to counter their attack. I swipe my right leg in a half circle and twirl the staff with both hands creating an indestructible shield in all directions. Every pigeon that made an impact left a blue glow on the rod until both ends were illuminated an electric blue.
Both groups on the left and right had exhausted their troops but the barrage from ahead is still coming. I take a warrior pose, one I learned in a yoga class from my friend Maggie, and wait for the bulk of the flying machines to get into range. Once the heart of the pigeons are in striking distance I thrust the electric blue tip of the staff into the cluster. The color left my staff and jolted between every pigeon that was in a foot radius of each other. They all short-circuit and fall to the ground, leaving indentations in the cement. I turn back to check on Trey and the Tabby and see that they are sitting on the edge of the grate, sharing the last cigarette in his pack. The lid is off and the entrance shimmers with every shade of pastel primary colors. 


“That was…… How did you….. Brooo, when did you learn that?” Trey can’t formulate a proper sentence. He knows what I am capable of, but the electric field still caught him in awe.


“That was the capabilities of the staff, not the human,” The Tabby says just to clarify.


“Okay we need to hop to the dimension of the cat imperium to report the pigeons acting out,” says The Tabby.


I watch the Tabby swan dive through the portal and Trey came close and grabs me. 


“Hey listen, Xan. I am your best friend forever so I know you won’t judge my past but before I was a feline of earth. I was a cat on Catilan. I can explain in a bit but I have a feeling we need to head out.” 


I turn around and the pigeons not affected by the electric wave have already bounced back and are plotting another attack. I didn’t eat enough and this whole journey has had me beat. I can't fight off anymore. I grabs Trey and jump into the open sewer grate. Trey extends his claws and tries to resist entering the porta,l but he can’t stop my weight barreling us through the pastel circle.